Main Course: 

1. Pizza Norma:

Ingredients:

28.3g Ricotta Salata
1 Eggplant
3.5g Fresh Basil
453.6g Pizza Dough
226.8g Pizza Sauce
1 Parchment Paper
28.6g Flour
113.4g Mozzarella Cheese

Method:

1. Preheat oven the 450 degrees farenheit. Rinse eggplant, halve lengthwise, and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch slices. Tear mozzarella into small pieces.
2. Heat 3/2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pan over medium-high heat, When oil is shimmering, add eggplant in a single layer, working in batches if necessary. Season with 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt and pepper as desired. Saute, flipping
   halfway through, until crisp on outside, about 8 minutes total. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain.
3. While eggplant sautes, sprinkle flour onto a clean dry surface. Using a rolling pin or the heels of your hands, roll and stretch pizza dough to about 1/4-inche thickness. Rub 1 teaspoon of olive oil on a parchment-lined bakingsheet, then carefully add pizza dough.
4. Spread the sauce over the pizza, leaving a 1-inch border. Add eggplant in an even layer.
   Top with mozzarella, then dot over ricotta salata. 
5. Transfer pizza to bottom rack of oven and bake until crust is crisp and light golden and cheese is bubbling, 15-20 minutes. Meanwhile, rinse basil and tear leaves into bite-size pieces, discarding stems. 
6. Cut pizza into slices, garnish with basil, and dig in.

2. Pizza Margherita

For the base
300g strong bread flour
1 tsp instant yeast

(from a sachet or a tub)
1 tsp salt
1 tbsp olive oil, plus extra for drizzling

For the tomato sauce
100ml passata
handful fresh basil or 1 tsp dried
1 garlic clove, crushed
For the topping

125g ball mozzarella, sliced
handful grated or shaved parmesan
(or vegetarian alternative)
handful cherry tomatoes, halved

To finish
handful basil leaves (optional)

Method: 

1. Make the base: Put the flour into a large bowl, then stir in the yeast and salt. Make a well, pour in 200ml warm water and the olive oil and bring together with a wooden spoon until you have a soft, fairly wet dough. Turn onto a lightly floured surface and knead for 5 mins until smooth. Cover with a tea towel and set aside. You can leave the dough to rise if you like, but it’s not essential for a thin crust.

2. Make the sauce: Mix the passata, basil and crushed garlic together, then season to taste. Leave to stand at room temperature while you get on with shaping the base.

3. Roll out the dough: If you’ve let the dough rise, give it a quick knead, then split into two balls. On a floured surface, roll out the dough into large rounds, about 25cm across, using a rolling pin. The dough needs to be very thin as it will rise in the oven. Lift the rounds onto two floured baking sheets.

4. Top and bake: Heat oven to 240C/fan 220C /gas 8. Put another baking sheet or an upturned baking tray in the oven on the top shelf. Smooth sauce over bases with the back of a spoon. Scatter with cheese and tomatoes, drizzle with olive oil and season. Put one pizza, still on its baking sheet, on top of the preheated sheet or tray. Bake for 8-10 mins until crisp.

5.Serve with a little more olive oil, and basil leaves if using. Repeat step for remaining pizza.

3. Pizza Marinara

Ingredients: 

1 garlic clove
all-purpose flour for dusting
Pizza Dough for one 9-inch pizza
1/2 cup Pizza Sauce
a pinch dried oregano, crumbled
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil

Method: 

1. At least 45 minutes before baking pizza, put a pizza stone or 4 to 6 unglazed "quarry" tiles arranged close together on oven rack in lowest position in oven and preheat oven to highest setting (500°F-550°F).
2. Thinly slice garlic. On a lightly floured surface pat out dough evenly with your fingers, keeping hands flat and lifting and turning dough over several times, into a 9-inch round. (Do not handle dough more than necessary. If dough is sticky, dust it lightly with flour.)
3. Dust a baker's peel or rimless baking sheet with flour and carefully transfer dough to it. Jerk peel or baking sheet once or twice and, if dough is sticking, lift dough and sprinkle flour underneath it, reshaping dough if necessary. Working quickly, top dough with sauce, spreading with back of a spoon to within 1/2 inch of edge. 
4. Scatter garlic and oregano over sauce and drizzle with oil.
5. Line up far edge of peel or baking sheet with far edge of stone or tiles and tilt peel or baking sheet, jerking it gently to start pizza moving. Once edge of pizza touches stone or tiles, carefully pull back peel or baking sheet, completely transferring pizza to stone or tiles (do not move pizza). 
6. Bake pizza 6 to 7 minutes, or until dough is crisp and browned, and transfer with a metal spatula to a cutting board.
7. Cut pizza into wedges and serve immediately.

4. Pizza Calzone

Ingredients: 

1 classic pizza crust 
42 small pepperoni slices 
128g sliced mushrooms, well drained 
170g sliced pimiento-stuffed green olives
227g thinly sliced provolone cheese
1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese
400g pizza sauce, heated

Method:

1. Heat oven to 375°F. Lightly grease 12-inch pizza pan. Unroll 1 can of dough; placing in greased pan. Starting at center, press out dough with hands to edge of pan. Layer pepperoni, mushrooms, olives and provolone cheese over dough.

2. Unroll remaining can of dough. Press out dough on work surface to form 12-inch round. Fold dough in half; place over provolone cheese and unfold. Press outside edges to seal. Cut several slits in top crust for steam to escape. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.

3.Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until crust is deep golden brown. Cut pizza into wedges; serve with warm pizza sauce.