Main Course: 

1. Beef Fillet

Ingredients:

0.8kg beef fillet
45g all-purpose flour
¼ cup balsamic vinegar
2 tablespoons olive oil
½ cup meat broth
Salt to taste

Method:

1. Cut the fillet into four slices, flatten with a meat pounder, coat in flour, then shake to remove any excess. Put the fillets on a greased sheet, then salt them.
2. Cook on both sides ove r very high heat, spraying with some balsamic vinegar. Meanwhile, separately, prepare a fairly liquid sauce with the remaining vinegar, a little meat stock and the flour.
3. When the fillets are cooked, cover them with this sauce and bring to the table piping hot.



Fettucine al fredo: 

Ingredients:

340 grams fettuccine or other long pasta
Kosher salt
¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter
¾ cup finely grated Parmesan, plus more for serving
Freshly ground black pepper

Method: 

1. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
2. Add fettuccini and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente
3. Drain the pasta.
4. In a large saucepan, melt butter into cream over low heat. 
5. Add salt, pepper and garlic salt.
6. Add pasta to sauce.

Pizza Norma:

Ingredients:

28.3g Ricotta Salata
1 Eggplant
3.5g Fresh Basil
453.6g Pizza Dough
226.8g Pizza Sauce
1 Parchment Paper
28.6g Flour
113.4g Mozzarella Cheese

Method:

1. Preheat oven the 450 degrees farenheit. Rinse eggplant, halve lengthwise, and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch slices. Tear mozzarella into small pieces.
2. Heat 3/2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pan over medium-high heat, When oil is shimmering, add eggplant in a single layer, working in batches if necessary. Season with 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt and pepper as desired. Saute, flipping
   halfway through, until crisp on outside, about 8 minutes total. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain.
3. While eggplant sautes, sprinkle flour onto a clean dry surface. Using a rolling pin or the heels of your hands, roll and stretch pizza dough to about 1/4-inche thickness. Rub 1 teaspoon of olive oil on a parchment-lined bakingsheet, then carefully add pizza dough.
4. Spread the sauce over the pizza, leaving a 1-inch border. Add eggplant in an even layer.
   Top with mozzarella, then dot over ricotta salata. 
5. Transfer pizza to bottom rack of oven and bake until crust is crisp and light golden and cheese is bubbling, 15-20 minutes. Meanwhile, rinse basil and tear leaves into bite-size pieces, discarding stems. 
6. Cut pizza into slices, garnish with basil, and dig in.

Vegetarian Risotto:

Ingredients:

FOR THE ROASTED VEGETABLES
1 tbsp olive oil
300 g cherry tomatoes
2 red peppers
1 large courgette zucchini
A generous pinch of salt and pepper
FOR THE RISOTTO
1 tbsp olive oil
1 large red onion diced
3 garlic cloves minced
225 g risotto rice
1 tbsp balsamic vinegar
250 ml passata
250 ml vegetable stock
Approx 6 sun-dried tomatoes chopped into small chunks
A small bunch of fresh basil torn
salt and pepper to taste


Method:
1. Preheat the oven to 180C / 350F and add the olive oil to a roasting tin.
2. Chop the vegetables into small chunks and spread out in the tin, adding the salt and pepper before giving everything a shake to coat.
Roast for 30 minutes.
3. Meanwhile, add olive oil to a shallow casserole dish or large frying pan, on a low-medium heat.
4. Sauté the onion for a few minutes before adding the minced garlic and cooking for another minute.
5. Stir in the rice with the vinegar and stir for approx 30 seconds, to coat it in the oil.
6. Pour in the passata and vegetable stock, 1/2 cup at a time, alternating between the two. Allow each amount to be absorbed by the rice before adding the next.
7. After 20 minutes, add in the sundried tomatoes and the roasted vegetables. Give everything a stir, adding more liquid if needed, and cook for a further 5 minutes until everything is cooked through and the rice is done.
8. Remove from the heat and stir in the basil, salt and pepper and vegan cheese (if using). Feel free to stir in any extra oil or dairy-free butter at this point for an extra creamy risotto.
9. Serve right away. 



