Desserts:

1. Bannoffe Pie

Ingredients:

For base:
150g digestive biscuits
75g butter
	
For the filling:
75g butter
75g light muscovado sugar
1 x 397ml tin of full-fat condensed milk
1 tsp vanilla extract
	
For the topping:
3 small just-ripe bananas
300ml double cream
50g dark chocolate, broken into pieces

Method:
1. You will need a 20cm (8in) round, springform tin with deep sides, and a piping bag (optional). Line the sides of the tin with strips of clingfilm (using a little water to help the clingfilm stick) and then line the base with a disc of baking paper.
2. First make the pie base. Place the biscuits in a freezer bag and finely crush with a rolling pin. Melt the butter in a nonstick saucepan over a low heat, add the biscuits and combine. Spoon into the base of the tin, pressing down with the back of a spoon to level. Chill for 15 minutes.
3. To make the filling, heat the butter and sugar in the same pan and stir over a low heat until combined. Add the condensed milk, bring to the boil and heat, stirring continuously, for 2-3 minutes or until dark golden, taking care that the mixture doesn’t catch on the bottom. Do not allow to boil for too long or it will become grainy. Add the vanilla extract and pour into the tin. Chill in the fridge for a minimum of 1 hour or up to 24 hours.
4. Peel and slice the bananas and arrange in neat rounds on top of the caramel. Whip the cream to soft peaks and spoon or pipe it over the bananas, then level the top before chilling in the fridge for an hour.
5. Meanwhile, melt the chocolate in a bowl set over pan of gently simmering water. Remove from the heat and allow to cool.
6. Remove the edges of the tin from the banoffee pie, peel off the clingfilm and transfer to a serving plate, slipping the baking paper from underneath. Zigzag the melted chocolate over the top (if using), making sure it’s cool or it will melt the cream, or dust with cocoa powder.


2. Chocolate Cake

Ingredients: 

2 cups white sugar
1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
2 eggs
1 cup milk
1/2 cup vegetable oil
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 cup boiling water

Method: 
1. Preheat oven to 175 degrees.
2. Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan.
3. In a large bowl, stir together the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, and baking soda. 
4. Add the oil, milk, eggs, and vanilla, mix until smooth. 
5. Stir in the hot coffee last. Spread evenly into the prepared pan.
6. Bake in the preheated oven for 25 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean.

3. Homemade Sorbet

Ingredients: 

340g Sugar
340g Water
42.9g grated Lemon peel
255g Lemon Juice




