
Vegetarian Risotto:

Ingredients:

FOR THE ROASTED VEGETABLES
1 tbsp olive oil
300 g cherry tomatoes
2 red peppers
1 large courgette zucchini
A generous pinch of salt and pepper
FOR THE RISOTTO
1 tbsp olive oil
1 large red onion diced
3 garlic cloves minced
225 g risotto rice
1 tbsp balsamic vinegar
250 ml passata
250 ml vegetable stock
Approx 6 sun-dried tomatoes chopped into small chunks
A small bunch of fresh basil torn
salt and pepper to taste


Method:

1. Preheat the oven to 180C / 350F and add the olive oil to a roasting tin.
2. Chop the vegetables into small chunks and spread out in the tin, adding the salt and pepper before giving everything a shake to coat.
Roast for 30 minutes.
3. Meanwhile, add olive oil to a shallow casserole dish or large frying pan, on a low-medium heat.
4. Sauté the onion for a few minutes before adding the minced garlic and cooking for another minute.
5. Stir in the rice with the vinegar and stir for approx 30 seconds, to coat it in the oil.
6. Pour in the passata and vegetable stock, 1/2 cup at a time, alternating between the two. Allow each amount to be absorbed by the rice before adding the next.
7. After 20 minutes, add in the sundried tomatoes and the roasted vegetables. Give everything a stir, adding more liquid if needed, and cook for a further 5 minutes until everything is cooked through and the rice is done.
8. Remove from the heat and stir in the basil, salt and pepper and vegan cheese (if using). Feel free to stir in any extra oil or dairy-free butter at this point for an extra creamy risotto.
9. Serve right away. 


Fettucine al fredo: 

Ingredients:

340 grams fettuccine or other long pasta
Kosher salt
¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter
¾ cup finely grated Parmesan, plus more for serving
Freshly ground black pepper

Method: 

1. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
2. Add fettuccini and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente
3. Drain the pasta.
4. In a large saucepan, melt butter into cream over low heat. 
5. Add salt, pepper and garlic salt.
6. Add pasta to sauce.

Pizza Norma:

Ingredients:

28.3g Ricotta Salata
1 Eggplant
3.5g Fresh Basil
453.6g Pizza Dough
226.8g Pizza Sauce
1 Parchment Paper
28.6g Flour
113.4g Mozzarella Cheese

Method:

1. Preheat oven the 450 degrees farenheit. Rinse eggplant, halve lengthwise, and cut crosswise into 1/4-inch slices. Tear mozzarella into small pieces.
2. Heat 3/2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pan over medium-high heat, When oil is shimmering, add eggplant in a single layer, working in batches if necessary. Season with 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt and pepper as desired. Saute, flipping
   halfway through, until crisp on outside, about 8 minutes total. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain.
3. While eggplant sautes, sprinkle flour onto a clean dry surface. Using a rolling pin or the heels of your hands, roll and stretch pizza dough to about 1/4-inche thickness. Rub 1 teaspoon of olive oil on a parchment-lined bakingsheet, then carefully add pizza dough.
4. Spread the sauce over the pizza, leaving a 1-inch border. Add eggplant in an even layer.
   Top with mozzarella, then dot over ricotta salata. 
5. Transfer pizza to bottom rack of oven and bake until crust is crisp and light golden and cheese is bubbling, 15-20 minutes. Meanwhile, rinse basil and tear leaves into bite-size pieces, discarding stems. 
6. Cut pizza into slices, garnish with basil, and dig in.

Sweet onion and cauliflower tart

Ingredients
olive oil for frying
1 onion, sliced
1 tsp brown sugar
25g butter
1 small cauliflower, separated into florets
1 fresh bay leaf
250ml whole milk
150g wensleydale cheese, grated
50g pitted black olives, chopped
4 fresh thyme sprigs, leaves picked
3 medium free-range eggs
100ml double cream

For the pastry: 
200g plain flour, plus extra to dust
4 fresh thyme sprigs, leaves picked and roughly chopped
100g cold butter, cubed
3-4 tbsp ice-cold water

Method

1. For the pastry, pulse together the flour, thyme, a pinch of salt and the chilled butter in a food processor to make large crumbs. 
2. Sprinkle over 3 tbsp cold water and pulse again to bring the mix together to make a dough – use another tbsp water if it’s a bit dry. (Alternatively you can do this by hand in a mixing bowl – use your fingertips to rub in the butter, then use a dinner knife to mix in the water.) Tip out onto a sheet of cling film, shape into a ball, then wrap the pastry in the cling film and flatten it with your palms to make a disc.
3. Chill the pastry in the fridge for 30 minutes.
4. Heat a glug of oil in a large frying pan and fry the onion over a low-medium heat for 20 minutes until softened and slightly caramelised. Add a pinch of salt and the sugar and cook for another 5 minutes. Set aside.
5. Meanwhile, in another frying pan (with a lid), heat the butter and fry the cauliflower florets for 5 minutes, turning, until golden. 
6. Transfer half to a plate and set aside, then add the bay leaf and milk to the pan and simmer with the lid on for 10 minutes or until tender. 
7. Scoop out the cauliflower (discard the bay) and whizz in a food processor with just enough of the cooking liquid to make a purée (or do this in a bowl with a stick blender). Discard the remaining liquid. Pour the pureé into a large jug or bowl and leave to cool.
8. Heat the oven to 200°C/180°C fan/gas 6. Roll out the chilled pastry on a lightly floured work surface to roughly the thickness of a £1 coin. Carefully use your rolling pin to lift the pastry and unroll it over the tin. 
9. Line the base and sides of the tart tin with the pastry, pressing it into the edges and flutes. Trim any excess with a sharp knife, leaving a small overhang.
10. Prick the base a few times with a fork, line the case with foil, then fill with baking beans or uncooked rice. Chill for another 10 minutes.
11. Bake the tart case for 20 minutes, then remove the foil and baking beans/rice and return to the oven for 6-8 minutes until the pastry is golden and feels sandy to the touch. Take the tart case out of the oven and turn the temperature down to 170°C/150°C fan/gas 3½.
12. Spoon the cooked onions over the base of the tart and scatter over half the grated cheese (see Know-how), the black olives, the reserved cauliflower florets and the thyme leaves. Beat the eggs and cream into the cooled cauliflower purée, season with black pepper, then put the tart case on a baking sheet on an oven shelf and pour in the egg mixture. Scatter over the remaining cheese and bake for 30 minutes until golden and the filling has set. 
13. Serve warm.

